I said our family has grown up
Definitely promising
In fact, your family doesn't owe me much money
No need to return it.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't have to pay my family back
In the future, you have to remember the third aunt.
Hey no no
What do you mean?
Didn't we agree to ask for debt together?
I didn't ask for the bill.
I just came to see
How is my niece-in-law recovering now?
Yeah, I already said it when I came
It's really not easy for Sister Fang's house
You two are clamoring to come over
Oops, okay, okay
There we go.
Yiqiu's child is still sleeping in the back room
What kind of noisy body
Yeah hey you
You you two
Is this pack of spear head grass?
Know that we are individuals
You are good people
This is the world
When people are poor, everyone has to step on it
Only rich
Let's not bully anyone, let's go, let's go
Let's go too
Don't worry. Let's go!
I haven't paid my money back yet
Oh, Ye Qiu!
In fact, that money
We are not in a hurry to use it.
Yes, yes, yes.
Let your mother and Xiaoyan take good care of themselves
Come on, I'm rich now and I won't pay it back.
Don't let someone say we're playing rascals then
This slap is angry at my mother